I")
<p>Sitting down on my balcony, there are many sights and sounds to behold. There are a variety of birds singing their songs and others are flying at all different altitudes and speeds. I also hear the sounds of volleyballs being hit while the accompanying sounds of the buffalo’s groans and Aunty’s oil sizzling add rhythm to the overall noise present in the valley. It has been hard to collect my thoughts as my transition from taking a 2-week orientation at Peace Corps headquarters in Kathmandu to my permanent site (located in Syangja district) has been a change in pace. While I’d love to claim otherwise, I am a creature by habit. I tend to try and establish routines and a small trustworthy group of friends no matter where I go. From the friends I’ve made from Peace Corps volunteers and from people in my town, I am one step closer to achieving a routine that can help me adjust to the new way of living here in Nepal.</p>

<p>In my short time here, I have already learned so much and found the cracks in my perception of life on this side of the globe. I also constantly draw many parallels to life here in Nepal to life as I know it in Mexico. I am always pleasantly surprised at how many similarities I find, rather than focusing on the differences. For example, हावा
(hava), or air, sounds just like the spanish word <em>agua</em> for water. I also constantly get many comments on my apperance and how confused people are when they hear I am not Nepali. With much ethnic diversity, there are some common traits that most Nepali people share: brown hair, brown eyes, brown skin. Many other parts of Latin America share these same traits; another way we are more similar than different.</p>

<p>Where I find more differences is how life is perceived her versus in the Western part of the world. In Nepal, I have come to cherish the rarity of both milk and meat. With most of my meals consiting of more rice and vegetables, meat here isn’t widely available. The people raise chickens, goats, and buffalos. The chickens provide eggs, goats provide milk, and the buffalo provides milk. Chickens and goats have complete mobility to roam and graze as they please; they mate and give birth to offspring and when the time comes, they provide meat for the people to consume. Life here may appear slower and simpler but I’ve come to find that life isn’t one defined way of living. There is only a life an individual leads in their given environment. Relationship with nature exists more prevalently here and everything provided is one of out necessity and not excessivity.</p>
:ET